Add nf-core citation (#327)
nf-core/tools: README.md

```

To change the required version of Nextflow instead of the pipeline version number, use the flag `--nextflow`.

## Citation

> If you use `nf-core tools` in your work, please cite it as follows:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use `nf-core tools` in your work, please cite the nf-core preprint as follows:  
```

Author: Agreed and updated! 👍

> Ewels PA, Peltzer A, Fillinger S, Alneberg JA, Patel H, Wilm A, Garcia MU, Di Tommasso P, Nahnsen S. **nf-core: Community curated bioinformatics pipelines**. *bioRxiv*. 2019. p. 610741. [doi: 10.1101/610741](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/610741v1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ewels PA, Peltzer A, Fillinger S, Alneberg JA, Patel H, Wilm A, Garcia MU, Di Tommaso P, Nahnsen S. **nf-core: Community curated bioinformatics pipelines**. *bioRxiv*. 2019. p. 610741. [doi: 10.1101/610741](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/610741v1).
```
